Replace (A)IterNextOutput by autoref-based specialization to allow returning arbitrary value (#3661)
PyO3/pyo3: guide/src/migration.md

});
```

### `Iter(A)NextOutput` are deprecated

> The `IterNextOutput` used by `__next__` and `IterANextOutput` used by `__anext__` are deprecated. These slots can now return any type convertible into Python objects direclty using the same mechanism as other functions and methods implemented using PyO3. Most importantly, this allows returning an awaitable from `__anext__` without non-sensically wrapping it into `Yield` or `Some`. Only the return types `Option<T>` and `PyResult<Option<T>>` are still handled in special manner where `Some(val)` yields `val` and `None` stops iteration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `__next__` and `__anext__` magic methods can now return any type convertible into Python objects directly just like all other `#[pymethods]`. The `IterNextOutput` used by `__next__` and `IterANextOutput` used by `__anext__` are subsequently deprecated. Most importantly, this change allows returning an awaitable from `__anext__` without non-sensically wrapping it into `Yield` or `Some`. Only the return types `Option<T>` and `PyResult<Option<T>>` are still handled in a special manner where `Some(val)` yields `val` and `None` stops iteration.
```
